1) Who inspired you or how did you start your business? 2) How many years of experience do you have in this

business? 3) What kind obstacles/hindrance you face on daily basis?

4) Is E-business and home delivery available? 5) What sets you apart from the competitor?

6) What is your profit and loss margin on monthly basis.? 7) How many number of customers Visit you on daily basis?

8) Have you invested in stock market or have you invested in

any joint venture?

9) What is your annual turnover?

10) Do you have any plans or idea for expansion for

expanding your business?

11) How many languages do you speak?

12) How is the Communication skills of the shop owner

?

Ummuu



Difference between Public And Private

Company

Public Company

A public company can invite subscription from the public.

A public company does not have restriction on transfer of share.

A public company should have at least seven members.

There is no restriction on upper

limit of the members.

A public company is required to

file its account with the registrar.

Private Company

A private company cannot invite

subscription.

Transfer of share is restricted in a

private company.

► A private company should have at least two members.

Maximum members cannot

exceed 50 members.

Filing of account is not required

by a private company.












1 use to work in an electronic shop in the year

2014-15 From there only I get an inspiration an employee that I have to start

 2) I have 7 years of experience in my own business

Ans 3) These is no such obstacle in my business but I only face travelling problems like traffic etc. because my home is far from shop

And 4) No home delivery available.

Ans 5) There is no such difference in my shop and other competitors

Ans6) Yes, my portit margin is greater than loss margin

Ans 7). More than 40 and less than 50

And 8). No, because i don't trust in investments.


Ans 9 . I have 3 shops at different places but the annual turnover of this shop is upto 30 lacs.

Ans10) Yes, my shop is only specialised in selling smartphone. but I want to add more electronic items like fridge, washing machine cooler etc.





As a student (Ritika ,Giriraj , Shagun) analysed the market well. The market pretty crowded. We took an interview of an shop owner.The owner  of smartphone shop in kongaon .They provide us proper information about our presentation topic ie about his business. The  location of the shop was good! and the people's around the shop belongs to business background. It we talk about own personal experience, we were experiencing that were the employees of any organisation and doing some was future marketing or survey job. In the end it a good future upcomings.





